---
id: 2021-june
title: June 2021
slug: /2021-june
---


June was an exciting month for Attrace:

The Attrace IDO on MISO was launched on June 19th landing-page have been released (including Blockpass KYC), and within 48 hours the IDO was successfully sold out. At the same time, Attrace IDO referral program was launched using the Attrace Referral Network (link to Medium).

With this, the first Decentralized Referral Promotion has been completed, where a number of our community members used the Attrace Referral Network to promote the IDO and earn commission for the successful promotions. Similarly, all the people that successfully participated in the IDO and came via promoters received bonus ATTR tokens.

This gave the team the desired result:
- Exposure which resulted in strong increase on all social media accounts and website traffic
- The Referral Network has proven the viability of the dApp promotion use case.

Next step is to list ATTR on a DEX, not only to give more exposure to the network , but to also start implementing the Referral Network with different partners in the crypto ecosystem.

The mission of Attrace is to become the referral standard of the tokenized economy. In order to do so, the following steps need to be taken:
- Connect new blockchains
- Expand the  use cases
- Bring in new partners
- REPEAT!

### Technical updates
- The referral marketplace is operating on o the mainnet ([market.attrace.com](https://market.attrace.com)), the Attrace team is working to make all NFT functionality available in coming weeks
- Referral link shortener put on the roadmap
- Many speed and js lib optimizations.
- IPFS deployment improvements
- Contract improvements in terms of gas usage and functionality

### Upcoming: Attrace Contract Indexer
In order for the referral marketplace and other apps to be performant, the Attrace Team identified the need to have a fast, queryable service. Therefore the development started on the Attrace Contract Indexer. The contract indexer will parse the external network blocks for transactions and logs, after which it will put the result in a simple database, categorized by event type.





Join us live at the [discord!](https://discord.gg/WSX2RufvbV)